Example of how to set slow logs dynamically per-index (#42384)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/index-modules/slowlog.asciidoc

index.search.slowlog.level: info
--------------------------------------------------

> All of the above settings are _dynamic_ and are set per-index. For example:

Reviewer: Minor edit to make the `_settings` API example more explicit.
```suggestion
All of the above settings are _dynamic_ and can be set for each index using the
<<indices-update-settings, update indices settings>> API. For example: 
```

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
PUT /twitter/_settings
{
    "index.search.slowlog.threshold.query.warn": "10s",
    "index.search.slowlog.threshold.query.info": "5s",
    "index.search.slowlog.threshold.query.debug": "2s",
    "index.search.slowlog.threshold.query.trace": "500ms",
    "index.search.slowlog.threshold.fetch.warn": "1s",
    "index.search.slowlog.threshold.fetch.info": "800ms",
    "index.search.slowlog.threshold.fetch.debug": "500ms",
    "index.search.slowlog.threshold.fetch.trace": "200ms",
    "index.search.slowlog.level": "info"
}
--------------------------------------------------

> // CONSOLE

Reviewer: This should fix the CI errors.
```suggestion
// CONSOLE
// TEST[setup:twitter]
```

index.indexing.slowlog.source: 1000
--------------------------------------------------

> All of the above settings are _dynamic_ and are set per-index. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the above settings are _dynamic_ and can be set for each index using the
<<indices-update-settings, update indices settings>> API. For example: 
```

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
PUT /twitter/_settings
{
    "index.indexing.slowlog.threshold.index.warn": "10s",
    "index.indexing.slowlog.threshold.index.info": "5s",
    "index.indexing.slowlog.threshold.index.debug": "2s",
    "index.indexing.slowlog.threshold.index.trace": "500ms",
    "index.indexing.slowlog.level": "info",
    "index.indexing.slowlog.source": "1000"
}
--------------------------------------------------

> // CONSOLE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// CONSOLE
// TEST[setup:twitter]
```
